Mr. Li, have you made enough trouble?
What do you want?
I swallowed it
So many years
I spent this money
Next night
I must divorce you
Wu Feng
You think about it
If you divorce me
Then this family can never come back
This disgusting place
I should have left a long time ago
Just leave and get a divorce
But you have to get out of the house.
You didn't want to take a penny of the family's money
Just my pay card.
Give me your pay card
You are our son-in-law
The salary card should be guaranteed with me
Why should I give it to you?
See you in court
It's the other way around.
How dare you divorce my daughter?
If she dares to do that, I will get nothing from anyone else
bee
What do you want?
I said I want to divorce you
Just because I made you do housework
When did you become so melodramatic?
I'm hypocritical, you get drunk outside every day
I don't just want to pick you up
And deal with everything you get drunk
I let you pick me up those
I don't want others to take the opportunity to enter
I'm thinking of you.
I as your wife
Can't you take care of me if I drink too much?
And what about children?
When we got married, we said we wanted a child
Six years.
You always refuse
Every time I find a variety of reasons
Do you want me to die?